---
title: School Canteen Advertisement
permalink: /announcements/school-canteen-advertisement/permalink/
date: 2023-12-26
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong><u>Type of Stall</u></strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong><u>Closing Date</u></strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Halal Western Food Stall</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>26 January 2024</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Able to prepare fresh vegetable/ potato salad.</p></li><li><p>Able to prepare staple western food including fried rice, spaghetti and mac and cheese.</p></li><li><p>Able to prepare grilled specialties such as grilled fish, chicken chop, and lamb chop.</p></li><li><p>Able to prepare oven baked pasta, chicken and fish.</p></li><li><p>Able to prepare healthy sides such as coleslaw, cheesy broccoli and corn, mashed potato, and sweet potato fries.</p></li><li><p>To cater to a population of approximately 1,000 students/staff.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><p>1. Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><p><a href="/files/Canteen_Stall_Application.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application Form</a></p><p>2. Attached the following documents together with the application form:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p></li><li><p>List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p></li></ul><p>3. Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School's General Office.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Address: 622 Upper Bukit Timah Road, Singapore 678117</p></li><li><p>Contact No: 6572 9100 (General Office)</p></li><li><p>Email: <a href="mailto:aes@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">aes@moe.edu.sg</a></p></li><li><p>Contact Person: Admin Executive Mr Cheng Senyuan or Operations Manager Mr Arumugam</p></li></ul><p><strong>How to get there?</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Nearest MRT: Cashew Station (Downtown Line 2)</p></li><li><p>Bus number: 67, 75, 170, 176, 178, 184, 961, 963 and 970</p></li></ul><p><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide cooked food that meets the</p><p>(i) Health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the "Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)" guidelines (see <a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a>)</p><p>(ii) Health Promotion Board and school criteria in the use of healthy and nutritious ingredients. (Refer to <a href="https://www.sfa.gov.sg/food-retail/food-hygiene-practices-guidelines/food-hygiene-practices-guidelines" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">website</a>)</p><p>(iii) Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p><p>(iv) Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfil the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.</p></li><li><p>Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p></li></ul><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</em></p>