---
title: Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund (STSPMF) 2025 Cycle 1
permalink: /useful-resources/for-parents/syspmf-application/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: For Parents
---
<p>The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund partners the Ministry of Education (MOE) in disbursing school pocket money to students from low-income families.</p><p>Students who <strong><u>meet the criteria</u></strong> will be able to apply for the fund through their respective participating mainstream schools.</p><p>For submission, you&nbsp;may submit the <a href="/files/STSPMF_Cycle_2__2024__Annex_A___B.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">softcopy application</a> (filled up) along with the supporting documents via our school's email address&nbsp;<a href="mailto:aes@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>aes@moe.edu.sg</u></a> or hardcopy application&nbsp;(filled up)&nbsp;along&nbsp;with the supporting documents&nbsp;to the general office.</p><p>Application window will close on <strong><u>31st January 2024, 3pm</u></strong>.</p><p><strong>*Please note that STSPMF is not the same as&nbsp;MOE Financial Assistance Scheme.</strong></p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong><u>Eligibility Criteria</u></strong></p><p>a. Student is a Singapore Citizen (SC) or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR).</p><p>b. Family is living in a 4-room HDB flat or smaller.</p><p>c. Family has a gross per capita income (PCI) of <strong>$750</strong>/ month or less (to be reviewed from time-to-time by Straits Times).</p><p>d. Student is receiving full-time formal education in a mainstream primary / secondary / mixed level / Junior College / Centralised Institute; Institutes of Technical Education; Polytechnic; Specialised; Independent; Specialised Independent; SPED; MOE-designated full-time Madrasahs and Mountbatten Vocational school.</p><p>e. Is not concurrently receiving school pocket money fund from disbursing agencies.</p><p>f. Is not concurrently receiving other similar monthly school pocket money schemes. <em>(Note that applicants under the MOE/SPED Financial Assistance Scheme are eligible</em>)</p><p>g. Has not received the maximum 24 months of STSPMF assistance during their entire primary to secondary schooling years or 48 months for post-secondary schooling years.</p><p></p><p><strong><u>Information on STSPMF Applications through schools</u></strong></p><p>The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund provides pocket money for children from low-income families through disbursing schools on a monthly basis.</p><p>1) Beneficiaries enrolled in secondary education will receive $100/month</p><p><strong>* STSPMF beneficiaries are provided with a maximum of 24 months of assistance during their entire primary to secondary schooling years.</strong></p><p></p><p><strong>* Note that successful applicants will be notified via email (if a valid one is indicated in this application) or a physical letter sent to the residential address indicated. Unsuccessful applicants will only be notified via email if a valid email address is indicated in this application.</strong></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>